feat!: add support for http provider using SAS_SUBSTRATE_URL (#1001)
paritytech/substrate-api-sidecar: README.md

- `SAS_SUBSTRATE_WS_URL`: WebSocket URL to which the RPC proxy will attempt to connect to, defaults to
    `ws://127.0.0.1:9944`.

> - `SAS_SUBSTRATE_HTTP_URL`: Http URL to which the RPC proxy will attemp to connec to. This is optional, and the default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `SAS_SUBSTRATE_HTTP_URL`: Http URL to which the RPC proxy will attempt to connect to. This is optional, and the default
```
